Morning. This is Dr. Carlos.
Katrina Groves: Start to gross.
Katrina Groves: Three HMP
Today,
Katrina Groves: First one is Barry wisdom.
At 10 then
Katrina Groves: Josh Hayden at 11 and then Cassandra Paul at 12
Katrina Groves: I'll probably do this all in one.
Katrina Groves: Session and as you know I will talk at the end of each one to finish out my HMP
Katrina Groves: Oh, today's date is February 8 2020
Katrina Groves: So, by the way, on all three of these patients.
Katrina Groves: They're all done our community health Center patients.
Katrina Groves: So they're established with me, but they're new to bright heart.
Katrina Groves: And on all of them. I did review the ACM expert.
Katrina Groves: And reviewed the cures report case I forget to say that I'm everybody
Katrina Groves: Thank you for doing this on a Saturday.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah, thank you. I should be thanking you
Katrina Groves: Yeah, it's fine. I got nothing else to do.
Katrina Groves: So are you at home.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah.
Katrina Groves: In the kitchen. Are you in a private space because this might take us like an hour.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Really
Katrina Groves: 45 minutes
Galaxy J3 Orbit: That's crazy.
Katrina Groves: I know
Galaxy J3 Orbit: This has just taken off for
Galaxy J3 Orbit: This but
Katrina Groves: This is. Yeah. It's the history kind of for bright heart. We have to start over from the beginning and
Katrina Groves: Takes a little bit of time.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Okay.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Alrighty.
Katrina Groves: Alrighty. Alright, so, hey, just kind of start from the beginning and
Katrina Groves: Let the let us know when you first started using narcotics what you used your drug of choice, just kind of like when you came into the clinic and talk to Tony and me. So, just tell me about your
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Like two years ago.
Katrina Groves: Or how however old you are, just let me know that the summary of how you got into the mess you got into and how you're getting out of it.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Maybe this most recent time or the keynotes. I was in it a couple times, so it's it's a hard, hard one.
I know
Galaxy J3 Orbit: We just started the second time.
Katrina Groves: So know how old were you when you first started abusing drugs. I mean, did you start with marijuana when you were
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Like 13. Mm hmm.
Katrina Groves: And
Galaxy J3 Orbit: It's like 13 sorry when we first
Katrina Groves: And then what
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Drinking
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I didn't use metals like 15
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Okay.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: And then I was just on a
Galaxy J3 Orbit: On it until I was like
Galaxy J3 Orbit: 35 or something.
Katrina Groves: On the math or heroin to
Galaxy J3 Orbit: All of it.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Whatever I could get
Wow.
Katrina Groves: Yeah. So what was your drug of choice of all those do you think he was mad or heroin.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Heroin fentanyl
Galaxy J3 Orbit: And then like what what fit and offers came out, it was like the suckers and stuff, you know,
So,
Galaxy J3 Orbit: That's what was around
Katrina Groves: And how did it affect your relationships here where
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Did you weren't affected dad.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: As days I couldn't work for good habit, you know,
Galaxy J3 Orbit: A lot of hang in your head and Shane.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah.
Katrina Groves: And when's the first time you were able to get clean
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I'm
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Actually was on Suboxone program. When I first met you.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: A long time ago when I when I was in my
Katrina Groves: 20s.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah, I think I was like
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Now I even bought in my 30s, I might be like 31 or something. Okay.
Katrina Groves: You're 14 how time flies.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Right. I remember telling you
Galaxy J3 Orbit: It's weird to me that how open my eyes are because they're used to being squinty and I'm used to having them droopy filling and it was hard for me to adjust for my eyes wide open.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: And just weird.
Katrina Groves: And so then you had a relapse or two.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: In between, yeah.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I stopped going to group.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: And then I got back in trouble ended up in jail again and
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Back down the same path.
Katrina Groves: So do you have any
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Do you can get in jail. You can get just as much drugs as you can on the streets. Yeah.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: But this last time when I went to jail. I put myself on lockdown for nine months. And so I can figure myself out.
Yes.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Being violent so they wouldn't let me out with others and
Galaxy J3 Orbit: You know, it's all good and bad.
Katrina Groves: How long ago was that very
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Five years ago, six years ago since I've been in jail. Good.
Katrina Groves: And you have no outstanding anything
Galaxy J3 Orbit: No, nothing.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: No by sat it all out. But they did 36 months and then I sat half of it out because it was halftime
Mm hmm.
Katrina Groves: How's that feel to be
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Out of the system. It feels good to be clean and out of it now. Um, I haven't had a drink in like four years.
Wow.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Everything's been good.
Katrina Groves: Any other substances that you're using right now. I know you're still smoking. Right.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah, constantly. I mean, that's it.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: That's half of my sobriety. I think
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Really is. Yeah. It helps me with a lot of different things.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Kind of a stress reliever. Yeah, being able to cope with people to
You know,
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Using using drugs and stuff. It kind of made me not non social just not tolerant to people's bullshit.
Katrina Groves: Yeah, I remember you had a lot of anger issues.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: That's a problem.
Katrina Groves: Still right
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Now, I kind of control it better. It's it was uncontrollable when I was using
Galaxy J3 Orbit: It would just spike up. Now I can. I know what to do before it happens before I get to man.
Katrina Groves: What do you do
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Have hobbies I garden.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I have my plants. And it's not just
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Marijuana is got my food and stuff my flowers and
Galaxy J3 Orbit: All different kinds of stuff. That's great.
Katrina Groves: So you smoking pot to or just cigarettes, or both.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I don't smoke cigarettes.
Katrina Groves: So we were talking about pot not smoking cigarettes. I
Galaxy J3 Orbit: missed out. Okay.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I just smoked smoked weed.
Katrina Groves: And any kind of
Katrina Groves: Other coping skills that you have besides the gardening.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah, my kids can't concentrate on my kids.
Katrina Groves: How old are they now.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: My son just turned four my daughter's five and my other daughter is 11 and my twins are 17 amazing
Katrina Groves: Yeah. Any sign of, you know, addiction runs in families. Any sign of anything in your 17 year olds or
Are they pretty
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Well, I never heard nothing from them. When I was going through it. I was with they had a question. I was honest with them.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: When they seem me tore up. I told them this is the the bad part of it. This is the sickness.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: You know, it's, it's
Galaxy J3 Orbit: You know I told them when they see somebody strung out
Galaxy J3 Orbit: They know now. You know what I mean it's not
Galaxy J3 Orbit: They don't get too close to them because they know they're either could be messed up or something.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: They don't want to get too close to people, but my daughter is starting to drink.
Katrina Groves: Your 11 year old.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Know,
Katrina Groves: My 1717 year old. Yeah.
Yeah.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: My 11 year old hates alcohol.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Good GH whoever drinks.
Katrina Groves: Well, that's something that runs in your family to like your dad. Wasn't he an alcoholic. I remember
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah, he sobered up when I
Galaxy J3 Orbit: When he said over it up when I was probably like 14
Galaxy J3 Orbit: When I started actually
Galaxy J3 Orbit: With it too late by then.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I still have it was always there was always ice chest there. There was always never a soda in the fridge. It was always a beer right
Katrina Groves: Here that's not
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah, he's here with me.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: It's not drinking drinking is not
Galaxy J3 Orbit: You know, it's not like in your blood in your genes, but it's inherited
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Get in here I inherited is like it was passed down like it was a trophy. It wasn't
Galaxy J3 Orbit: That was how it was for him.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah, he grew up that way he grew up getting beer at eight. Yeah. Yeah, it was.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: The thing to do. I guess it grew up in Arkansas. You know I may grow up, but a lot of different places.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: He thinks different
Katrina Groves: Sounds like you're breaking the cycle for your family, though.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: You didn't do that for your
Galaxy J3 Orbit: You didn't have beer in the fridge.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: There they don't know. They're clueless to everything I was grown up in
Katrina Groves: That child abuse and
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah yeah there, they don't. When I was their age and I was huddled up in a corner crying scared. You know, holding my little baby brother, because we were scared. What's going on everybody fight they did. That's never happened to them.
Katrina Groves: Being a good dad.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah I pride myself on that.
You should
Katrina Groves: Alright, so talking about family.
Katrina Groves: Family history. Otherwise, like medical problems. Your mom was diabetic diabetic right if she's still yeah
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah, she takes insulin in the belly.
Katrina Groves: Any other medical issues than your family, heart disease,
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah, she does.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: She's got a few things wrong with her.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: But I'll know she don't really tell me what it is.
Okay.
Katrina Groves: And your brother.
Katrina Groves: Is he still with us.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah, I got my brother's here. I don't talk to him, though, because they they drink and shit. My oldest brother's still drinks and uses and my little brother, does the same. I don't talk to them.
Katrina Groves: Hard
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Ever come to you to try to get clean
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Know they bring their problems here.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah. He'll show up drunken and his mind he's
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Like right doing the right thing. I mean,
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I know how it was.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: When you're drunk and scaring everybody. You think you're being cool but you're not
Yeah.
Katrina Groves: So you're good example to them.
Katrina Groves: If they ever want they know where to go, right.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: He knows I'm here to play if he needs me.
Katrina Groves: And you don't have an old lady.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Girlfriend. I gotta live
Katrina Groves: Oh yeah. Yep, sorry. I never met your wife today.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: No, I can't bring it home.
Katrina Groves: All right, and you're working now. Were you working
Galaxy J3 Orbit: No I don't work.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I can't work I freak out to people too much. I'm saying
Katrina Groves: So they call that social anxiety or
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I'm not, I don't know. I'm still seeing a cold people to try and figure that out.
Katrina Groves: Who you seen a counselor.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah, I did. They cancelled the appointment and then they sent me another person that he never showed up so gosh
Katrina Groves: Is that at the clinic or mental health.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: You know, it was a clinic and then they called me back and said that they hit that lady got hired back again it or something.
Oh dear.
Katrina Groves: You still go talk to Tony she someone you
Yeah.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Tony's been really good for me. Okay.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah, she
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Even from the beginning, when I first got back on the program. She didn't let me an easy she, you know, had to make sure I wanted it.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah, she's been she's, she's, she's good person, she's great.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: She's walked the walk. So make sure she's, she's been she's been there. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Alright so let me see. Now I'm going to go to some more nuts and bolts here. Any other medication that you're taking besides that Suboxone
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Know,
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Lab monitoring.
Katrina Groves: Monitoring
Katrina Groves: What, what does to counter
Yeah.
Katrina Groves: And you have pain is that for
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Headaches for my key.
Katrina Groves: For your wet.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: My teeth.
Katrina Groves: Oh yes, your teeth. So how are you going to manage. How are you doing with the dental there's no dental at the clinic, right.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: No, trying to get into Arcadia okay
Katrina Groves: Any abscesses lately.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Last month I did, I had to go get some antibiotics. Good.
Katrina Groves: Don't let that go, just go right in, because that can turn bad
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Unless it's a scary thing. I feel like that's the only thing that can take me out.
Katrina Groves: Wow.
Katrina Groves: So you had pilot SEC on your old chart used to take some for heartburn. Do you take that anymore.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Well, I had that pain on my side, my stomach and they did, they
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Didn't know what it was my liver or my gallbladder. I went and had the
Galaxy J3 Orbit: The ultrasound down or extra with ultrasound. I think from my gallbladder and they said it all the vowels are fine. Everything's fine. There's no stones or not, then
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Huh, but it kind of feels like I broke a rib maybe last summer. And that's kind of what it was.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Like I like a little river something in there that's hurting
Katrina Groves: So I know that as far as you said, liver, and made me think about your blood work on right heart has
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Got to go do that. Yeah, yeah.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: In your system. I'll get that done today.
Katrina Groves: Well I don't is a clinic open on Saturday.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Oh no, I forgot.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I don't want it. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: They might be, I don't know.
Katrina Groves: So yeah, I'd go on NPR, but I think they're open, but I don't think they're open for that.
Katrina Groves: And any. Oh, and the Suboxone dose you're taking. Now, when you see is eight milligrams three strips a day. Right.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yes.
Katrina Groves: And do you need a prescription for me this month or
Galaxy J3 Orbit: On the 20th. This one, like the 22nd.
Katrina Groves: Of this month. Okay.
Yeah.
Katrina Groves: And then
Katrina Groves: Nor can do you need that around the house I
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Can I got it, I got mine saved. I haven't been couple spots. Good.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Just get refreshed on the pen.
Katrina Groves: Next buyer. You never know who's gonna show up.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Right.
Katrina Groves: And very any allergies that you have to medication. Oh, yeah.
Has it
Katrina Groves: wasn't really an allergy, but
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I have it on you know they they just give me like restless legs right
Galaxy J3 Orbit: And promethazine it says you have the
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Benadryl they all give me like the restless leg syndrome filming. I can't relax on it.
Katrina Groves: And flex URL, same thing. Okay.
Good.
Katrina Groves: All right. And then we have, where are we
Katrina Groves: Oh, so have you had any other hospitalizations for anything, any surgeries.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: You're not lately. I mean, no. I like tonsils are
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Not since I've been in the program.
Katrina Groves: So did you have an overdose. At one point,
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Long time ago before I got into programs. Yeah, like, four of them.
Wow.
So no surgeries.
Katrina Groves: Right. And then I'm just going to kind of go down a list of something called review of systems, which is just a list of stuff you just say yes or now in the past few weeks, or whatever. Do you have any Fevers or chills.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Know,
Katrina Groves: Any night sweats.
Katrina Groves: Any trouble with being intolerant to the cold.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: No.
Katrina Groves: Weight gain or weight loss.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Know,
Katrina Groves: How about fatigue feeling tired.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: No.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Do you feel sleepy in the basement.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Now go pretty good.
Katrina Groves: All right, signs of diabetes like paying too much or being thirsty too much.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I don't know. I have to get that checked because i've i've i've had a problem with that in the past, so I'll have to get that looked at
Katrina Groves: Actually, so the labs that she's got if you put, if you go in fasting, don't eat anything they do a blood sugar. And that's a way to tell if you have diabetes.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: All right, I'll do that. The night before.
Katrina Groves: Right. Well, now you can eat dinner but just make it like an eight to 12 hour fast and don't have anything in the morning, no gum, no sugar with your coffee just water.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Okay, that's a good check for diabetes.
Katrina Groves: All right, how about your eyes and a change in your vision blurry vision or double vision.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: No, I don't think they're getting as good is a word, but it comes with age.
Katrina Groves: Yeah, I was gonna say your old now. You're 40 man.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: All right.
Katrina Groves: Any redness or
Katrina Groves: dry eyes.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Know,
Katrina Groves: How about hearing difficulty hearing pain in your ears.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: No.
Katrina Groves: Any tinnitus. That's a buzzing sound. Do you hear
Galaxy J3 Orbit: In your ears, sometimes. No, no, my dad has that. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: So, nose, mouth and throat any kind of sores on your mouth or your tongue.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: No.
Katrina Groves: And you did say you
Had
Katrina Groves: The dental pain already. Yeah.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah, I have my nose always like
Galaxy J3 Orbit: swells up and I can't breathe. But it's always been like that I think has been broken so many times.
Katrina Groves: So it's not allergies. It's just you don't have a lot of
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Room and no
Galaxy J3 Orbit: No, I, if I have to use that spray now and it kind of opens it up, it makes it on swell because I can't even stick my finger in there. It's like completely swelled
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Shut
Katrina Groves: My nose phrase in a prescription or over the counter.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: That like that afren or whatever.
Katrina Groves: Oh, be careful with that. So afren works really good, but it's kind of like Vaizey. It's just a temporary fix. So you're actually it's it's opening everything up and because the blood vessels kind of contract and then it comes right back in a few hours. And so you get addicted to the African
Katrina Groves: You should get a prescription for
Katrina Groves: Actually prescription stuff is safer than over the counter. Go figure that but like flow NACE or something else. So
Popular
Katrina Groves: Because you're just making it. You're just worse.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah, it feels like it's not working. Like it was. Yeah, that's
Galaxy J3 Orbit: The thing I need to get through.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Hmm, I think I need to get get those pieces taken out of my nose because it's like bones or something right here. Yeah, I could feel them.
Katrina Groves: And I know there's no ear, nose and throat back in Crescent City, but they can refer you, so
Katrina Groves: It's on your things to do.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yes.
Katrina Groves: After the pen. All right, but no nosebleeds.
Katrina Groves: No. Okay. Do you have trouble swallowing food or liquids. You feel like stuff comes up or
Galaxy J3 Orbit: No. Okay. Any hoarseness, the thing about my soft or not my sock. Yes, my gallbladder. I haven't been sick or nothing.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah, I haven't felt sick no favors. No, I mean, not like that. It's that that was the
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Thing that's it's tricky.
Katrina Groves: Okay, and then moving down to your neck stiffness pain.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: No.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: How about anything's been pretty good.
Katrina Groves: Lymph nodes swelling and you're
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Not even when you get an animal like you
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Know, just like if it gets like extra cold outside might have a little sore throat. In the morning, but it goes away.
Katrina Groves: And moving down to your lungs any trouble with coughing, wheezing shortness of breath.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: No.
That's pretty good.
Katrina Groves: heart problems, palpitations, chest pain pressure when you're walking
Galaxy J3 Orbit: No.
Katrina Groves: Swelling of your legs.
Katrina Groves: Anything with your skin is your changing in your nails.
Katrina Groves: Or is your skin dry or itchy.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: No.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Hair loss kinda he sometimes i think i think i don't moisturize enough
Katrina Groves: Probably through hair loss or you just shave in it.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Now it's shaved.
Katrina Groves: Okay. I mean, those are all questions because of thyroid problems people can get trouble with their hair loss in their, their skin so
Katrina Groves: Yeah, no thyroid problems in your family, though.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: No, no.
Katrina Groves: And then on your stomach. Do you have constipation with the Suboxone is pretty common.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: No.
Katrina Groves: Wow, you don't take a stool softener is you must eat healthy out of that garden.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah, it's, it helps actually does help.
Katrina Groves: Good, so no nausea, vomiting, diarrhea,
Katrina Groves: No blood in your stool.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: No.
Katrina Groves: Okay. And when you're urination. Are you having any trouble with having a good stream. You're only 40 year prostates probably not big yet, but it's coming down the road.
Any
Katrina Groves: public urination.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: No, no, it goes pretty good.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I've had problems in the past. I know what to look for.
Katrina Groves: Know, almost. Did you have
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Well, like a month. I was peeing blood
Katrina Groves: Oh, I
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Forgot about that. Yeah.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: So they didn't know what it was.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah, they didn't. They didn't know he didn't know he said sometimes just the urethra and men swell up and does that he says, Sometimes you're getting that age. He says, and we don't know that he says, but
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Keep an eye on it.
Katrina Groves: As long as it had happened just like one time.
Yeah.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I think I held my pizza on and then when I got went to go pee. I didn't get it all the way and it stopped. And then I was like, I could feel it building a problem.
Katrina Groves: Now you probably just pop a little blood vessel and they're just like you do, and your nose or something.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah, right. Good.
Katrina Groves: Any other muscle problems back pain cramps weakness, anything like that.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: No, everything's been good.
Katrina Groves: Neurological that's like any seizures, dizziness, numbness fainting.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: No.
Katrina Groves: Tremor headaches.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Nope.
Katrina Groves: Alright and then mental health wise.
Katrina Groves: Do you think your depression. Do you think that's kind of under control or not.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah yeah i'm not i don't i'm not too depressed I stay away from that whole department.
Katrina Groves: That's part of the problem. No, no anxiety really
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I know it depends on what I do, I guess if I if I know I have a lot to do that day like go pay bills day or something. It's kind of stressful.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Because you have to be around, you know, I'll be standing in line and stuff. And people behind me around me and I
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Mean crazy
Katrina Groves: That's part of that post traumatic stress thing. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Do you sleep. Okay. Despite that, you still have nightmares or
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Oh, they're
Galaxy J3 Orbit: They're not nightmares, to me, is just constantly battling something or
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I can control my dreams, kind of, I guess.
Katrina Groves: Can you turn them around to make them.
Katrina Groves: Positive so you don't sweat screaming
Yeah.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah, it used to be bad. I read some books on dreaming. When I was in jail.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Sounds like there's like forced me
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Like four four stages to dream. They said,
Galaxy J3 Orbit: It's, it's crazy.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Like the first one is noticing your hands and being able to look at them. When you're dreaming in, you know, to change your thoughts.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Stuff that's actually
Katrina Groves: You can do that during the day to like if you're standing in that line, you know,
Katrina Groves: Looking at your hands counting your breath.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah, I always I always have to look over my shoulder.
Mm hmm.
All the time.
Katrina Groves: Have you been, you're not suicidal obviously no no delusions or hallucinations during the day. Like, do you have see things that aren't there.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Here, things that aren't done
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Now,
Katrina Groves: Any bruising of your skin or anemia. Have you been anemic before
No.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: No.
That is excellent.
Katrina Groves: Okay, so I hear that you are in my group on Monday.
Katrina Groves: Is that right or what
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Are you guys with me.
Katrina Groves: Or do you know, did they tell you. Are you coming to. I have a Monday night group from 545 to 645
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I didn't know that.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: So what I'll be there. Well,
Katrina Groves: It would whatever day you want
Katrina Groves: Whatever Monday is good for you. You have other stuff going on. When did you need your prescription. I want to try to be set around the 20th
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Year on the 22nd.
Katrina Groves: Because what might be nice, as if I can start doing prescriptions through bright heart when you come to the bright heart group.
Katrina Groves: So either this Monday, or maybe next Monday is the 17th, which would work better for you.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Next one.
Katrina Groves: Which one would work better for you. The 10th or the 17th.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Because today 70 okay
Katrina Groves: So, put it on your calendar somewhere. I'm going to do the same.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Okay.
Let's see.
Barry
Katrina Groves: And you've got like two and a half years of clean time, right, was it was
Katrina Groves: In May 25 2017 is the date I have is that about accurate.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: That's it.
Katrina Groves: It's pretty awesome.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: It is. It's been good.
Katrina Groves: So,
Katrina Groves: I'm doing two computers here. I got your chart from the clinic and I got this one so I'm
Katrina Groves: So probably you know maybe one month, once a month with bright heart for a couple times and then I'll just let you guys go longer. I mean, there are people that are changing too bright. Her that have been clean for seven, eight years, you know, since the beginning so
Katrina Groves: The transition is good.
Katrina Groves: But you can definitely still please talk to Tony go to group. If you want, you really don't go to
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Group. Yeah.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah, I guess I've seen so many new faces, and over, and over, and over, and then
Galaxy J3 Orbit: It's just driving me crazy. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: This is kind of nice because you can do it in the comfort of your own home. You know, you get your phone. They'll just be a few other people up on top and you probably know some of them. I mean, I'm who's going to be on Pacey will be there on the 17th, I believe.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: So,
Katrina Groves: So,
Katrina Groves: Yeah, people, you know, it only lasts an hour and I have a lady counselor named Rebecca who's very nice.
Katrina Groves: Did you have any questions for me as far as
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I'm still I'm still gonna go. I'm gonna go to group and see Tony and stuff right once a month, so yeah.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: That's why I like that still, you know,
Katrina Groves: Okay. So your job is to get your lab work done sometime in the next week.
Katrina Groves: Work on your dental stuff go see your doctor for your nose problem.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah.
Katrina Groves: And then you don't need a prescribed I'll write your prescription. When I see you on February 17 at 5:45pm I think they want you to check in at 530 and they do this little checklist, like, hey, how you doing,
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Okay, got the clinic.
Katrina Groves: Know this is bright heart.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Okay, on the phone.
Katrina Groves: Right, like we're doing right now.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Okay, say the same number.
Katrina Groves: Yes, I don't know how you call it in. But yeah.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: When, when they gave me a number. Last time, and it was it the number to you. It was to
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Like something
Katrina Groves: Oops. Well, I'm not sure exactly how it works, because I just started to but
Katrina Groves: Just call bright HER ON MONDAY THE 17th and tell them, hey, I'm with groves is group 4545 and then they'll plug you in like today.
Katrina Groves: And
Katrina Groves: I will see you then. And
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Sounds good.
Katrina Groves: Thank you so much and I'm
Katrina Groves: Proud of you. For
All you've done
Galaxy J3 Orbit: You've been doing good yourself a lot of good
Katrina Groves: That's good. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Yeah.
Katrina Groves: That makes me feel good.
All right.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Okay. Bye bye.
Katrina Groves: All right, bye.
Katrina Groves: You just gotta push
Katrina Groves: Goodbye button.
Katrina Groves: I got somebody else coming at 11 but
Katrina Groves: Alright, so
I think you've got pretty much everything
To carry. Oh.
Katrina Groves: Date of Birth is 1017 seven
Looks like
Katrina Groves: Alright so that was a history and physical
Katrina Groves: didn't take that long actually
Katrina Groves: So many mental status exam or psychic impression. However,
Katrina Groves: You want to do it. He patient was alert and oriented times three, and no acute distress. He
Katrina Groves: Is independent in function.
Katrina Groves: Normal concentration and attention. Bit of some psycho motor agitation with rubbing his head.
Katrina Groves: A little bit of anxiety when talking about his past PTSD issues, no evidence of memory loss. No tremor. He didn't have some fidgeting, like I said,
Katrina Groves: Mood is pretty happy.
Katrina Groves: Some anxiety.
Know, just for ya.
Katrina Groves: Good range of emotions noted during the session, and he was well groomed normal body habitus speech was normal rate.
Katrina Groves: And volume and coherence his thought processes linear and logical content was non tangential
Katrina Groves: No.
Evidence of any psychosis during the visit.
Katrina Groves: Good insight and judgment.
Katrina Groves: Intact and he denied any suicidal ideation, as we said
Katrina Groves: There are no implantable devices.
We did the past surgical history, the family.
Katrina Groves: Systems on there.
We did allergies.
Katrina Groves: On exam. He's casually dressed
Cooperative good eye contact.
Katrina Groves: At AMP T is a dramatic normal so phallic peoples are neither dilated more pinned he had normal hearing
Katrina Groves: Respiratory normal rate and volume. No audible wheezing or shortness of breath skin without jaundice musculoskeletal he was able to move all those extremities without hesitation or obvious pain. Oh back under at AMP T did notice a deviated nasal septum and no swelling in the jaw.
Katrina Groves: neurologically grossly normal coordinated movements non-vocal the assessment is appealing opioid dependence and remission F 11.21
Katrina Groves: Integration nearly three years now patient is doing very well.
Number two assessment will be post dramatics grass and see if I can find that
Katrina Groves: ICD nine code for you, F 43.10 is PTSD from child abuse social anxiety. I don't have the code for that.
Katrina Groves: Allergic Rhinitis and
Katrina Groves: After independence of allergic actually strike that
Allergic medical men Tosa
Katrina Groves: Narrow air passageways from previous fractures.
Katrina Groves: suicide risk was low was none. Actually, so plan he will need a prescription of Suboxone before the 22nd.
Of the month.
Katrina Groves: He will return for our evening group on February 17 at 545 PST
Katrina Groves: He has labs, he'll do at a clinic prior to that may not be part of that visit sometime next week.
And
Katrina Groves: Referral to back to his PCP. You don't need to do this, but he will contact his primary care, Doc.
Katrina Groves: To addresses other medical issues. Oh, also under the PTSD and social anxiety continue working with the dark me health center and the god there.
Katrina Groves: To get in with psychiatry telemedicine.
Alright, so I'm going to pause recording and the next person will be up shortly.
Katrina Groves: Okay, the next person is Joshua Hayden at the end date of birth is through 26 at
Katrina Groves: This gentleman again is from the demo community health center.
Clinic and Tanya Costa is is
Katrina Groves: A god
Katrina Groves: And Crescent City, California. He has
Katrina Groves: Been
Gosh, he has been clean since July 6 2014
He has over five years clean time
And
Katrina Groves: I will be what else oh my usual thing.
Katrina Groves: At a seminar Asperger's reviewed and the cures report.
Katrina Groves: Done and
Katrina Groves: Checked and appropriate
Katrina Groves: You can find the risk and protective scores on these people, that'd be great. It's just hard for me to find
Katrina Groves: I'll pause for a second, till he gets on. Alright, so are you in a private flat for 40 minutes or so.
Joshua Hayden: Yeah yeah we're good. Awesome.
Katrina Groves: So welcome to bright heart.
Joshua Hayden: Yeah. Thank you. Yeah, it's quite the
Joshua Hayden: Learning Curve. I hate technology, you know,
Joshua Hayden: Yeah I don't Facebook. And I just, yeah. Yeah. And so it's like enter this code enter that code. Our now, but it's all good. It worked. So that's all that matters.
Katrina Groves: Whoa.
Joshua Hayden: As I dropped
Joshua Hayden: All right. Yeah, this is kind of cool.
Katrina Groves: Be able to learning. It's been a learning curve for me to and I have a lot older brain. So you have no idea how many different programs. There are and how many thing.
Joshua Hayden: It's crazy. Is this gonna work better for you, time wise, though.
Katrina Groves: Yeah.
Joshua Hayden: Be great well
Joshua Hayden: I can do one
Joshua Hayden: Good boy. Yeah. Wasn't church. I know. Like most times you can just like playing a certain section of the day, you know, to, to it, but
Katrina Groves: So,
Joshua Hayden: This is
Katrina Groves: history and physical, they call it, although I'm not sure how to do a physical over the
I can see your face. That's about it.
Katrina Groves: So you're we're just going to spend some time, you're going to have to pretend that I'm like a doctor that you've never seen before. And I'm going to ask you all this stuff about your history and just kind of go through a
Joshua Hayden: detailed history. So if that's okay. Sounds good.
Katrina Groves: Alright, so the first thing I know about you is that you came to our program me see if I got this right. July 16 2014 is that
Joshua Hayden: Yeah, that was, yeah. That was my second time. Yeah, right.
Katrina Groves: Okay. But then, so you have over five years clean now is that right
Katrina Groves: No, no relapses, no nothing.
No.
Joshua Hayden: Doing good. Excellent.
Katrina Groves: Let me get organized here so
Katrina Groves: I kind of want you to start from the beginning like again pretend I don't know your history.
Katrina Groves: And then they want to know what age you started using substances and what it what you and you may have already done this with the people at bright heart on your intake.
Joshua Hayden: Yeah, a little bit. It was kind of hard though because the questions that they asked didn't really pertain because they're like
Joshua Hayden: It was a 12 month period. And I've been clean for 12 months. You know what I mean. And so it was really kind of hard. It doesn't pertain to me.
Joshua Hayden: You know,
Joshua Hayden: And so yeah, this will be more
Joshua Hayden: I guess in depth. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: So start from when you first felt you had a problem where, you know, were you five years old, smoking, drinking, where you were, what
Joshua Hayden: Well, it was
Joshua Hayden: My freshman year of high school. So what I was
Joshua Hayden: 15 1415 maybe and
Joshua Hayden: Smoke Pot, just a little bit like but never really got into it and then I dropped out of high school.
Joshua Hayden: And my mom was like, well, you know what, like you're not doing anything. Fly little bird. And so she gave me the boot and I moved up to Seattle, Washington and was working up there and my roommates that I was with
Joshua Hayden: Drank and smoked pot and I drink a little bit smoke pot a little bit. But then one of my co workers and I was working with
Joshua Hayden: Was doing heroin and introduced me to that and I
Joshua Hayden: Did was shooting up probably
Joshua Hayden: Two and a half years. And so it was kind of like
Joshua Hayden: To the extreme end of the, you know, ladder right away and then
Katrina Groves: At that point, did you get a
Joshua Hayden: Job, like I was
Joshua Hayden: 15 when I first did it and I moved back to Crescent City when I was like 1717 and a half and
Joshua Hayden: My mom paid for a bus ticket home came back here to Crescent City and she dropped me off at my friend's house and his parents were just all plant family, friends and like he took a leave from school to stay with me 24 seven while I got better.
Joshua Hayden: And I stayed sober from opiates or heroin for quite a few years but I started dabbling and methamphetamines
Joshua Hayden: And really didn't drink really didn't smoke weed.
Joshua Hayden: And then
Joshua Hayden: I was
Joshua Hayden: 19 when my daughter was born. And I stopped taking methamphetamines then and
Joshua Hayden: It was two years later, I had a black lung and they prescribed me prescription painkillers and
Joshua Hayden: That just turned into a smorgasbord for me and really
Joshua Hayden: Got me back into that realm of opiate use and
Joshua Hayden: Gosh. When was the first time that I joined the Suboxone program here. I want to say.
Joshua Hayden: My daughter.
Joshua Hayden: My oldest this
Joshua Hayden: Was in like the eighth grade. Maybe I'm not sure I can't remember the exact time that I first joined the Suboxone program and I had
Joshua Hayden: Like three years sober and then I ran into some medical
Joshua Hayden: Some internet issues where
Katrina Groves: June 22 2011
Joshua Hayden: Yeah, so she was 11 yeah yeah and I stayed. I was in the Suboxone program and then I ran into insurance issues where I couldn't afford to pay for the medication and
Joshua Hayden: I was able to stay clean for like a year after that. And then I fell off the wagon and started using again and then I came back to the Suboxone program. The second time.
Joshua Hayden: Currently have right around five years claim.
Katrina Groves: Really good summary.
Katrina Groves: You got birds. I hear
Joshua Hayden: Birds. Yeah, I'm out on the front porch.
Katrina Groves: Is it a nice
Joshua Hayden: Day. You know what it's called but it's sunny, you know, and
Joshua Hayden: I'm a, I'm a wanderer, you know, like
Joshua Hayden: Yeah.
Katrina Groves: When you do group on a Monday, my group is going to be 545 to 645
Katrina Groves: You'll, you'll see a bunch of other people up here. And so just you and me.
Joshua Hayden: But pacing.
Katrina Groves: Pacing is going to be kind of difficult because we all get dizzy. If we watch you. I mean, I'm okay.
Katrina Groves: I'm fine with it today.
Katrina Groves: It doesn't bother but in group, you'll have to kind of sit in one place and they also like you to use earphones. I don't know why because it's just more private I have one lady who goes and sits in her car and door so
Joshua Hayden: So you said that was Monday at 545
Katrina Groves: Right. But I wanted to ask you just while we're talking about it. When is your prescription to because Josh, I want to get you like on seeing me like the week that your Scriptures do or something.
Joshua Hayden: Um, it's not. I believe it's not this this Thursday, but the following Thursday. Let me look at the calendar. Sorry.
Katrina Groves: And grab
Joshua Hayden: If you want, we have your pills with you.
Katrina Groves: I think you're you had it done on the 23rd, is what I'm gonna say
Joshua Hayden: Um, it should be.
Joshua Hayden: The 20th of February is when I would come in and do my talk screen.
Katrina Groves: Alright, so you have a choice. I think they scheduled you for this Monday. But if you want to switch to the 17th.
Katrina Groves: Do that, that would be, but I don't care. You can keep it Monday and get it over with.
Katrina Groves: Just so that you're about a week or two prior to your script. Which do you prefer.
Joshua Hayden: We can do I can do the 17th and that would be that Monday at 545 Correct, yeah. The 17th. Okay. Yeah, I'll just plan on doing that already.
Joshua Hayden: installed it on my calendar right now.
Katrina Groves: I think they probably told you before, to do it on the 10th, but I'm okay to change it. If you are
Joshua Hayden: Okay groves. Sorry, I'm writing it on my calendar.
Joshua Hayden: I am to 545. Now I have a question. Um,
Joshua Hayden: When because the number that I entered to join the meeting with you, she said that that's a temporary number and it changes.
Katrina Groves: Okay, what was the number
Joshua Hayden: It's 522-649-3217 yeah
Katrina Groves: So I don't know if I don't know how they really work it.
Joshua Hayden: Okay, it's technology again so
Katrina Groves: It may be the same number. It may be a different one. You just need to call in, like, you're good about being early so they have if we have five or six people in group, they have to do a little brief addiction assessment for a few minutes. So I would get in at 530 ish
Katrina Groves: And just call the regular bright heart number and they'll walk you through it. It'll take a while for us to get used to this.
Katrina Groves: Okay, alright, so I'll put you down for the 17th right it
Joshua Hayden: Sounds good to 70
Katrina Groves: Right. And I'm talking about this box on you're currently taking eight milligrams and you're on the fourth day right
Katrina Groves: Correct. And
Katrina Groves: Pride to paper in the past, but it's been difficult.
Joshua Hayden: Yeah. You had mentioned the last time I talked to you. You had mentioned that we can
Joshua Hayden: Cut them in. I didn't know if we wanted to.
Joshua Hayden: Try and do that.
Katrina Groves: Do you feel about that.
Joshua Hayden: Well, what I'm wondering is if
Joshua Hayden: I could
Joshua Hayden: Take one of the
Joshua Hayden: Four strips and chop it into surgery and start winning that way. Start trying to remove one third of a strip every day or
Katrina Groves: I would not do every day.
Joshua Hayden: Okay.
Katrina Groves: I would cut it into fourths, actually, because you're sensitive to it. So if you cut it into fourth. That means you're going to drop by.
Katrina Groves: two milligrams and I would do it only like once a month or once every two weeks. And what if there's no big rush. I just want your body to kind of get used to it.
Joshua Hayden: Okay.
Katrina Groves: Because right now, even what one in the morning. How are you taking your Suboxone right
Joshua Hayden: So usually I do
Joshua Hayden: Two in the morning. One mid day one in the evening, but there are the times where I do the opposite where I do one in the morning. One afternoon to in the evening.
Katrina Groves: And why did you choose that what's happening that makes you decide to do that.
Joshua Hayden: There is
Joshua Hayden: Those days that I know.
Joshua Hayden: Are going to be problem days or I just I just
Joshua Hayden: Was what's planned out for that day. I know that my problem. Time is going to be in the evening.
Joshua Hayden: Rather than in the morning, you know, and it's really hard to explain but it's just
Joshua Hayden: With work or personal family stuff that I know that's going on taking care of my mom. I know that I need those in the evening when I'm with her because she just mentally stresses me out. Right. You know, and so
Joshua Hayden: Yeah, like I take care of her Monday, Wednesday and Fridays, and those are the pretty much typically those are the days that I will do two in the evening, rather than
Joshua Hayden: Two in the morning.
Katrina Groves: And do you notice when you take only one in the morning that you're having issues throughout the day or doesn't bother you.
Joshua Hayden: It dare dare
Joshua Hayden: There is that thought mentally. I know you took one but I resolved that to where I know that I need to in the evening. Right. I know that I need that.
Joshua Hayden: And so it's
Joshua Hayden: I don't know, like my own little conundrum that I'm that I deal with where it's like, I really do want to in the morning, but I know that I only have enough, you know, so
Joshua Hayden: Yeah, that's my
Katrina Groves: That's your OCD thing huh
Joshua Hayden: Yeah yeah it's i i don't know why i don't know if it's just like
Joshua Hayden: The
Joshua Hayden: addictive personality issues or if it's
Joshua Hayden: What it is, but
Katrina Groves: It's working for you and that's okay.
Katrina Groves: So perhaps what you want to do.
Joshua Hayden: Here noise. Sorry. It was my phone beeping at me.
Katrina Groves: If you want to try and do this one quarter of the strip less when would you do it because it sounds like sometimes, morning and evening are different, but the noon time doses stays the same. So I wondering if you
Katrina Groves: Did
Katrina Groves: Do the midday dose just doing three quarters and try that for a month and see how it goes.
Joshua Hayden: Okay, ya know, let's, let's do that. I would be on board with that. That'd be great.
Katrina Groves: And speaking of, okay, so let me go back here. What do you do, what other coping skills. Do you have a sides of Suboxone
Katrina Groves: What other coping skills do you reach into when you're stressed.
Joshua Hayden: Babe in I Bay and
Joshua Hayden: Yeah, he used to be smoking cigarettes. But now I have a
Katrina Groves: Nicotine or
Joshua Hayden: Yeah, it's, it's the lowest nicotine level that I can get, but it still contains nicotine.
Katrina Groves: And you also use marijuana still at night. Is that correct,
Joshua Hayden: Um, yeah, it's
Joshua Hayden: It's a little very low doses and it's not an every night.
Joshua Hayden: Occurrence and actually I've been trying to not be use that on, but it's super high CBD low THC.
Joshua Hayden: And I think it's probably been
Joshua Hayden: Probably close to a month that I haven't, haven't taken anything so
Katrina Groves: And why is that well.
Joshua Hayden: First off it's expensive and Second off, I just
Joshua Hayden: Want to try and
Joshua Hayden: People are like, Oh, it's life's problems, you know, and
Joshua Hayden: I just want to try and
Joshua Hayden: I guess.
Joshua Hayden: Deal with it like normal people do.
Joshua Hayden: For the most part, you know, and not not
Joshua Hayden: Think I'm like relying on something, I guess, I don't know. No, that's a personal thing that
Joshua Hayden: Trying to deal with.
Katrina Groves: You're not drinking alcohol. Right. No. Not anymore though you did have trouble with that in the past.
Joshua Hayden: Yeah, yeah. But yeah, that's been
Joshua Hayden: Ever since I've read join this the boxing Suboxone program. I haven't had any alcohol. Great. And
Katrina Groves: I know you have more coping skills than just other substances.
Joshua Hayden: I use. I use my pacing. I use my pacing and wandering, um, to
Joshua Hayden: To cope and do stuff, are you
Joshua Hayden: Running us. No, no, we haven't we go on walks, you know, with the with the new baby.
Katrina Groves: Obese yes
Joshua Hayden: Yeah, she's yeah hopefully we'll get back into that but
Katrina Groves: Life is ok so I have to explain for right hurt that you are a grandpa and dad on the same week was it I mean
Joshua Hayden: Yeah yeah
Joshua Hayden: It was two weeks apart or two weeks apart. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: And your daughter still living with you. Yes.
Joshua Hayden: I'm actually she
Joshua Hayden: That's another thing she went home yesterday.
Katrina Groves: Oh, where's home for her.
Joshua Hayden: With her friends her boyfriend.
Katrina Groves: The mother and the baby.
Joshua Hayden: Father of the baby.
Katrina Groves: Because you guys had a falling out, or what happened.
Joshua Hayden: No, no, it was
Joshua Hayden: Her choice completely and it
Joshua Hayden: I think her thought process is I think she personally I think she lacks the motivation to be like, You know what, like if we do stay apart. I'll have to get a job, you know, do all this stuff and I think she kind of lacks that motivation to do that sort of stuff, you know, and so
Joshua Hayden: You know, my wife and I were like you can stay with us, you know, but at the same time, you need to, you know, go down to hug you know and start making these next steps and
Katrina Groves: Run up
Joshua Hayden: It's easier for her, just to go, you know what, I'll go live with him, and I'll deal with all the BS rather than
Joshua Hayden: Dealing with going and getting our now you know. It's hard. It's hard.
Joshua Hayden: So, especially when you know the reason that
Joshua Hayden: The main motivation for me to get sober, you know, as the
Joshua Hayden: For her, you know what I mean. And just like even with my wife, you know, because like
Joshua Hayden: She had a lot going on to all all the different changes that we made our lives better her life. And now it's like watching her just
Joshua Hayden: Crumble. You know, it's sad. It's hard.
Katrina Groves: So is she crumbling or she just trying to find her own way. As a teenager.
Joshua Hayden: Yeah, I don't know, you know, the things that he's done though.
Joshua Hayden: Just any other woman would have left them. You know what I mean, like, it's, it's hard. It's hard. Yeah, she's got her
Katrina Groves: Own way, I guess so. Did I hear you say that. That was the main reason you got
Katrina Groves: Clean was for her. And do you feel like that's in jeopardy now.
Joshua Hayden: No, no, there's, you know, there's the added stresses, but there isn't that
Joshua Hayden: I'm not worried about falling off the wagon or anything like that, you know, it's just
Katrina Groves: And other reasons to stay sober.
Joshua Hayden: Aside yeah yeah yeah I have more kids now. You know, I have my life right have a house and all that stuff, you know,
Katrina Groves: Tell me about your job.
Katrina Groves: Working for the disabled clients I forget the name
Joshua Hayden: Yeah. New Dawn. Yeah. Yeah. And, um, it has its moments, you know, like every job but
Joshua Hayden: It's, you know, it's going okay and I ended up turning in
Joshua Hayden: My resignation go why liquors, and just, I had to take a break. You know, from doing that and
Joshua Hayden: I knew when I did that, that my brother would kind of step out of a role with my mom taking care of her. So I've taken over that role again. So, you know, we've just set up really good
Joshua Hayden: Boundaries as far as Monday, Wednesday, Friday, you know, I spent two hours over there, take care of her take her your shopping whatever she needs to do and
Joshua Hayden: Yeah. Beyond that, it needs to wait. You know, I'm not gonna drop everything to go go pick something up off the floor, you know, or whatever it is.
Joshua Hayden: Oh,
Katrina Groves: I just about your mom again, you know,
Katrina Groves: Why do you think
Katrina Groves: She would kick you out of the house, you know at that age. Was she aware of the abuse with your dad. I mean,
Joshua Hayden: Yeah I know Steve. She's falling. Now she yeah she knew
Katrina Groves: Her about that for her not doing what she as a mom.
Joshua Hayden: It's. It is hard because
Joshua Hayden: She is one of those people that live in the past. And so it's constant
Joshua Hayden: Stories of
Joshua Hayden: how everything was horrible. And then we moved away from that and everything was great, you know, and it's like deep down I know that it wasn't great you know and but I would never say anything to her face because
Joshua Hayden: That would just run everything you know it would destroy her, you know,
Joshua Hayden: And it's, it's hard to bite my tongue, but I do it and
Joshua Hayden: I just do better for my kids, you know, I learned from the whole situation and
Joshua Hayden: That's what I took away from it, you know, and
Joshua Hayden: Um, you know, the things that I was pulling though to, like, I probably not necessarily these days, you can do that. But back then, you are able to do that and
Joshua Hayden: I probably would have done the same thing. If I was the, you know, had a little shit had kid running around not listening. Not going to school. You know what I mean, like,
Katrina Groves: You got a different perspective. Now that you're a bad too.
Joshua Hayden: Yeah, yeah. It says different times and I was completely different person back then.
Katrina Groves: So let me switch over to some
Joshua Hayden: Family History Since we're
Katrina Groves: Talking about your mom as far as medical issues. I know there's a lot but but what or she has heart disease. She has high blood pressure. Does she have a stroke and just run down what her problems are again.
Joshua Hayden: Yeah, she has
Joshua Hayden: Diabetes.
Joshua Hayden: Blood pressure issues, um, she's had cancer.
Joshua Hayden: Twice, I believe, um, she has a
Joshua Hayden: Blood clots.
Joshua Hayden: Home. She has kidney issues.
Joshua Hayden: Liver issues and
Joshua Hayden: Arthritis
Joshua Hayden: She has quite a long medical history, as far as that and
Katrina Groves: Your dad. Is he still alive. I can't
Joshua Hayden: No, no, he passed away and he, I know that.
Joshua Hayden: At the end it was cancer is that he was battling. I don't know what type of was because I only started
Joshua Hayden: Speaking to him again. I'm probably like two months before he passed away was the first time that I had
Joshua Hayden: Talked to him and
Joshua Hayden: 30 years you know it was. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: I kind of remember that. And I think, were you able to get some kind of closure with him or not.
Joshua Hayden: Yeah. You know, I think.
Joshua Hayden: There's
Joshua Hayden: There was
Joshua Hayden: The main
Joshua Hayden: sounds horrible. The main reason that I contacted him was because towards the end, he was trying to contact me and um he wanted forgiveness, you know, for what he had done and I was just like, you know what, like if this makes it easier on him and
Joshua Hayden: Helps us situation for him. I'll do it. You know, like, I'm not gonna hold on, like,
Joshua Hayden: I knew what he did, he did and wasn't right. But at the same time, like I wasn't gonna
Joshua Hayden: Hold on to it and use it against them, you know, and so
Joshua Hayden: Like yeah, you know, and I think there was a lot of with his, his family and sisters and my aunts and stuff. There was closure there too, because
Joshua Hayden: When my mom and him contact divorce. We were completely cut off from that side of the family, you know, we had no contact whatsoever and
Joshua Hayden: You know, when he did pass away, they
Joshua Hayden: I flew back there and stayed at my aunt's house, you know, they completely welcomed us and you know we have we've been
Joshua Hayden: My wife's friends with them on Facebook. Now, you know, like we're reopening those doors so you know there has been positives from it, you know.
Katrina Groves: So thanks for sharing that. Um, brothers or sisters or other people medical issues.
Um,
Joshua Hayden: No going anything that brothers and sisters, it's just been like
Joshua Hayden: Things that they've gotten hurt west. But as far as like diagnoses or anything like that. No.
Katrina Groves: And how many siblings do you have
Joshua Hayden: I have an older brother and a younger brother.
Katrina Groves: Oh, just two brothers no sisters
Joshua Hayden: Yeah, okay.
Katrina Groves: And so then past medical history for yourself kind of got your Delmore chart open at the same time, I know you've had trouble with
Joshua Hayden: Back pain knee pain go
Katrina Groves: What other medications, besides the box and are you taking right now.
Joshua Hayden: I'm Tylenol is the only thing that and
Joshua Hayden: I probably take that
Joshua Hayden: Once or twice a week. Okay.
Katrina Groves: No ibuprofen anymore.
Joshua Hayden: Uh, was it. Sorry. It depends is whatever we haven't recovered it could be ibuprofen or Tylenol either or, and you don't have
Katrina Groves: Asthma, right. You did you have
Joshua Hayden: I want to say that I'm
Joshua Hayden: Dr. Pearson had me on inhalers, because he thought I had COPD.
Joshua Hayden: Uh huh. And
Joshua Hayden: It was like a motivation on my part that I just gave up on it because I felt like it wasn't helping me and it was, I was just from one of my songs and
Katrina Groves: I'll do you still have trouble breathing. Do you have trouble with
Joshua Hayden: No, yeah I certain time at certain moments I do
Joshua Hayden: But not like I'm like oh my god, I can't breeze. Um, for the most part.
Katrina Groves: And so
Katrina Groves: I'm just going to go through some review of systems. This is like head to toe stuff.
Katrina Groves: So do you have any Fevers or chills.
Katrina Groves: Know recently any night sweats.
Joshua Hayden: Every once in a while, I will
Katrina Groves: Have you had a TB test. I think we did it at the time when you join the clinic, but it's been a while, don't they do that with your job.
Joshua Hayden: No, I, I cannot remember the last time I had a TB test.
Katrina Groves: All right, I don't think you have tuberculosis.
Katrina Groves: Oh, any weight gain or weight loss.
Joshua Hayden: No, no.
Joshua Hayden: Unfortunately not.
Katrina Groves: Really any us sleeping us during the daytime, where you're falling asleep on the job or or have to take a nap or just crash.
Joshua Hayden: I'm certain days. Yes, but I think that that's just because I didn't sleep. Good. The night before, or whatever. But there there is occasions where it says like, Oh my God, and like I catch myself falling asleep.
Katrina Groves: And I assume you don't drive during those times.
Joshua Hayden: No, no.
Katrina Groves: So any signs of diabetes like peeing all the time, hungry all the time.
Joshua Hayden: No, not as of right now that
Katrina Groves: Any vision changes Josh like blurry vision double vision.
Joshua Hayden: Know,
Katrina Groves: Any pain in your eyes or tearing or dryness or redness.
No.
Katrina Groves: Difficulty with hearing or drainage in your ears.
Joshua Hayden: I have noticed that I do have a hard time hearing sometimes but I it's hard to tell if it's
Joshua Hayden: The other person talking to me and they're just talking low
Joshua Hayden: And I talked to somebody. I like to talk to them face to face.
Joshua Hayden: So I can like see what they're saying, I'm just saying. So it's, it's kind of hard to tell if it's like my actual caring, or if it's just the situation that we're in, where I'm not able to hear them. Okay.
Joshua Hayden: I wouldn't definitely probably wouldn't mind getting
Joshua Hayden: A hearing test done you know
Katrina Groves: Easy to do. Dr. Pearson VUE your PCP, so he could they could look in your ears, make sure you don't have wax and then do like a hearing test at the clinic.
Katrina Groves: Any problems with a nose, mouth, throat, like sores on your mouth or in your on your tongue.
Joshua Hayden: Know things I'd know
Katrina Groves: Allergies
Katrina Groves: Runny nose sinus infections. No.
Katrina Groves: trouble swallowing.
Know,
Katrina Groves: nosebleeds or drainage. No. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: All right, how about neck any stiffness or pain in your neck.
Joshua Hayden: Occasionally,
Katrina Groves: Just like muscle.
Joshua Hayden: Yeah. Yes, just from
Joshua Hayden: Lifting the person that I work with that work. I think it's just yeah need to stretch more
Katrina Groves: any lumps in your neck like the lymph nodes.
Joshua Hayden: No, no.
Katrina Groves: And you already said no coffee No wheezing.
Katrina Groves: No Chest pain or palpitations.
Katrina Groves: No trouble a swelling in your legs.
Joshua Hayden: A every once in a while I'll notice like my socks cut in to, you know, there's like an invention where my top of my socks out. It's not like extreme or anything like that, but there
Joshua Hayden: You probably don't like
Katrina Groves: A little bit and put your feet up when you can
Joshua Hayden: Yeah. And I've always battled circulation issues. You know, like, my hands are always blue. You know what I mean, like, yeah, I
Joshua Hayden: Always home.
Joshua Hayden: Not necessarily.
Joshua Hayden: When I when I climb into bed. My wife says I'm like an ice cube. You know where I'm just like my hands and feet are always called like and
Joshua Hayden: It's just a circulation issue.
Katrina Groves: You know your Paul and Paul people
Katrina Groves: They your, your, your heart and your lungs your core needs to be warm. So you kind of let your fingers and toes go because they're so far from your brain and
Joshua Hayden: Nice.
Joshua Hayden: One of the downfalls
Katrina Groves: All right, and about hair, skin, nails, any, any new moles on your on your skin or trouble with with your skin.
Joshua Hayden: Yeah, we're good. Okay.
Katrina Groves: stomach problems I'm Suboxone causes constipation. How are you doing in that
Joshua Hayden: I'm fine. Yeah, I haven't had any problems.
Katrina Groves: Take a stool softener, you just eat healthy.
Joshua Hayden: Just eat grains, and yeah, my wife.
Joshua Hayden: Yeah, make sure you healthy
Katrina Groves: So, nausea, vomiting,
Joshua Hayden: Bill. Okay.
Katrina Groves: urination any trouble with hesitancy like your pee just doesn't come out as good as it used to kind of thing.
Katrina Groves: Yes. All right. You're almost 40 dudes. So you got to get one and I
Joshua Hayden: Know, I know.
Joshua Hayden: This March.
Joshua Hayden: March. Oh my god.
Katrina Groves: All right, how about muscle, muscle pain you're talking about back pain.
Katrina Groves: Is that just another when you're lifting
Joshua Hayden: Yeah, yeah. It's, um, I think what started my back pain was
Joshua Hayden: When I was young, I jumped off of Slam bridge.
Joshua Hayden: And when I when I landed in the water. I was like in a kind of in a sitting position, you know, and I was bruised really really bad and never was checked out by the doctor or anything. And so I know for a fact that that had to do something to my back, you know, and
Joshua Hayden: I went to
Joshua Hayden: A physical therapy and I'm
Joshua Hayden: The chiropractor.
Joshua Hayden: For it.
Joshua Hayden: And physical therapy helped me because I was doing a lot of stretching and they taught me stuff over there.
Joshua Hayden: The chiropractic really didn't help me at all.
Joshua Hayden: I just, yeah. He only did two things, and was like, oh, there you go. You know, every single time I saw him, I was like, what
Joshua Hayden: Mm hmm. So, um, yeah, with his tracking and just trying to pay attention to.
Joshua Hayden: What I'm doing and what I'm lifting, you know, seems to help, but there's always that underlying
Joshua Hayden: pain in my back. You know, like I just have dealt with it. I know it won't go away. And that's the way it is, you know,
Katrina Groves: I'm going down your butt cheeks are down your legs or into your feet.
Joshua Hayden: No, no.
Katrina Groves: Good any surgeries in the past. I forgot to ask you that.
Joshua Hayden: Um, the only surgery that I had was when I had a new, more thorax.
Well, that's
Katrina Groves: What was the cause of that.
Joshua Hayden: It was spontaneous. They don't don't know why.
Katrina Groves: So they put a chest tube in
Joshua Hayden: A couple chest tubes.
And
Joshua Hayden: Yeah, it was very interesting. So
Katrina Groves: You never had a tonsils out
Joshua Hayden: A pen. Oh, yes, yes, no, I had my tonsils and adenoids removed when I was, oh gosh, maybe four or five I think
Joshua Hayden: I was, yeah. Sorry about that.
Katrina Groves: Any other hospitalization. Do you remember
Joshua Hayden: No, no. Beyond that, nothing else.
Katrina Groves: And you've never had a seizure or fainting spells.
Joshua Hayden: Um, I have had. I have passed out. But, um,
Joshua Hayden: That was because my mom told me because of my blood sugar levels, she always had me take a glucose tablets.
Joshua Hayden: Hmm, which
Joshua Hayden: I know when I start to feel just like kind of off to eat something.
Katrina Groves: Mm hmm.
Joshua Hayden: You know I'm
Joshua Hayden: There for a long time. I just had a really bad.
Joshua Hayden: eating habits and so like I go all day long without eating and just drinking my carbs and eat something in the evening. But now that my wife.
Joshua Hayden: And I'm not working as much. I'm able to like have you know, lunch, and dinner, and it really hasn't been an issue as of lately. That's really good because
Katrina Groves: When you have family history of diabetes. Right.
Joshua Hayden: Yeah yeah
Katrina Groves: If you learn now to do what you're doing the protein and the regular eating that's going to keep you from getting diabetes. The worst thing you can do is eat sugar and carbs, that's just going to make
Joshua Hayden: You feel
Katrina Groves: Tired and you're going to get diabetes earlier so
Glad you're eating healthy
Katrina Groves: All right. Um, let's see. That's review systems we're getting getting down here.
Katrina Groves: Oh, allergies, anything you're allergic to medications.
Joshua Hayden: No, no, no, no.
Katrina Groves: Oh so bright heart has sent you a
Katrina Groves: They tell you to go get lab work done.
Joshua Hayden: No, I know that I need to contact partnership and
Joshua Hayden: Do a mental health evaluation or something because of billing
Joshua Hayden: Yeah.
Joshua Hayden: They sent me an email about that. I haven't seen any lab.
Joshua Hayden: Emails or anything like that.
Katrina Groves: I'll put a note on here. It usually when you start with bright heart. They're going to want to order a bunch of lab work and I would suggest
Katrina Groves: That they have sent people to Sutter but don't go to Sutter you have a primary doctor at the clinic, Dr. Pearson have been facts, all the lab work to the clinic and they just do a routine check liver, kidneys, HIV, which you probably don't need but
Katrina Groves: Hepatitis panel just all the routine stuff that I did on you, five years ago.
Joshua Hayden: Okay, so make an appointment with Dr. Pearson for labs.
Katrina Groves: Now you don't even have to do that right heart will send over the labs to the clinic so
Katrina Groves: You may get a call. I'm going to make sure by the end of this session today that I will have them send lab work over to the clinic.
Joshua Hayden: Okay. Sounds good.
Joshua Hayden: Thank you. Number I'm
Katrina Groves: drug screen. They send these little
Katrina Groves: P bottles in the mail. Don't know if you've got a variance yet.
Joshua Hayden: No.
Joshua Hayden: No, so I don't go to the clinic anymore.
Katrina Groves: Now you can
Joshua Hayden: It's all good.
Katrina Groves: You can go there as much as you can, but bright heart needs once a month or once every couple months at you. They'll mail you have p
Katrina Groves: Thing that you have to call bright heart and you're gonna whenever it's convenient. You say, hey, I want to do my piece sample, they'll put you in this virtual room. You go to the bathroom, you come out. You guys look at it together.
Katrina Groves: This is what I've been told from other clients and then you kind of make sure it's it's
Katrina Groves: It's clean
Joshua Hayden: So they'll they
Katrina Groves: But you don't want to do the pee test without calling them first, because they're going to walk you through that process.
Joshua Hayden: Okay. Sounds good.
Katrina Groves: I know it's a lot of different stuff. And please keep going see Tony, you have a good connection with her right you guys
Joshua Hayden: Yeah.
Katrina Groves: So this bright heart does not replace that it just as a different way for me to get you in get prescription since I can't be in there in person.
Joshua Hayden: Okay, anymore.
Katrina Groves: What else I want to tell you, labs.
Awesome.
Joshua Hayden: I'll make sure on the
Joshua Hayden: group chat. I'll make sure to grab a pair of headphones to why
Katrina Groves: Are these whatever. Yeah.
Joshua Hayden: Yeah, definitely.
Katrina Groves: I'm putting you down for the 17th right at 45 ish, which is really 530
Joshua Hayden: Because it starts at 545 so you want
Katrina Groves: To be about 15 minutes early.
Katrina Groves: Okay, um,
Katrina Groves: What. Any other questions you have for me.
Joshua Hayden: No, not right now. I'm glad that I figured it out this far, you know,
Katrina Groves: Good. Awesome.
Joshua Hayden: Just
Katrina Groves: Keep checking in with Tony and and we'll get it.
Katrina Groves: I think I might have you come one month.
Katrina Groves: Like in in two weeks and then maybe a month later, but then you guys have had a long clean time. I'm just letting you going to go 234 months depending on how long you got clean so
Joshua Hayden: Okay, okay.
Joshua Hayden: Sounds good. Alright, alright. So, see you next week. Okay, thank you very much.
Joshua Hayden: You are welcome, enjoy. And I will, thank you. Alright, bye bye
Katrina Groves: Alright, so
Katrina Groves: On his exam.
Katrina Groves: Casually dressed and no acute distress cooperative good icon. Eye contact was
Katrina Groves: Difficult because he did do a lot of pacing. So he had some psycho motor agitation.
Katrina Groves: Is
Katrina Groves: A dramatic normal salad peoples are not dilated nor pin. He had decreased hearing at times.
Katrina Groves: Respiratory No audible wheezing normal rate and volume skin without jaundice.
Katrina Groves: Moves all muscle skeletal muscle extremities without hesitation or obvious pain neurological exam as non local grocery normal coordination is normal.
Katrina Groves: Again, if I didn't say so at the beginning.
Katrina Groves: A salmon expert reviewed, he is at low risk no suicidal risk.
Cures report was reviewed and appropriate
Katrina Groves: Assessment then is
Katrina Groves: opioid dependence and remission of 11.21
Katrina Groves: Also
Katrina Groves: Decrease hearing
Katrina Groves: And chronic back pain.
Katrina Groves: And diagnose other diagnosis as Post Traumatic Stress Disorder molested as a child.
Katrina Groves: OCD and nicotine dependence plan to he needs lab work, please reach out to whoever to call or get him labs sent over to Denmark community health center.
Katrina Groves: He needs to be contacted us or mailed out a drug screen and he needs to be walked through that.
Katrina Groves: Referred
advised him to go see his primary care doctor for
Katrina Groves: Hearing evaluation.
Katrina Groves: Continue his home stretching and at home exercises for back pain prevention.
Katrina Groves: Suboxone is that relatively high dose due to
Katrina Groves: His pain in his
Katrina Groves: I'll just say Suboxone as a relatively high dose. He has not done well with tapering in the past but is open to tapering
Katrina Groves: This month, he will drop from four strips to
Katrina Groves: A day two, three and three quarters.
Katrina Groves: And we'll review this on his next visit
No implantable devices. That's always a weird question to me.
Katrina Groves: And I will see him back, not on the 10th, please. But on the 17th.
Katrina Groves: Of February. So then I will be closer to giving him a prescription
Katrina Groves: Okay and signing off. Until my next patient comes. Thanks.
Katrina Groves: So the next person. I'm waiting for is Cassandra Paul data birth is 710 again. This is Dr groves. On February 8 doing history and physical
She is a demo community health center client.
And so she's established with me, but new to write hurt.
And pausing you and make sure she gets here.
Katrina Groves: Oh, the
A salmon expert reviewed please add the risk and protective scores, if you have that
I reviewed.
California cures report and is appropriate.
Katrina Groves: Review systems have kind of intense on these people. I don't know if you have any
Suggestions as far as
Katrina Groves: Maybe you can ask who's my is my guy.
Katrina Groves: Mark. Mark z.
Katrina Groves: If you can get back to me if I think I only need 10 review systems and my kind of been going through it.
In a long list, but maybe overdoing it a bit, so
You can maybe reach out and ask me.
What I'm doing is okay.
So she's not quite online yet.
Hey, Kathy Hi there.
Katrina Groves: Hi.
Katrina Groves: Hi. Thank you for being early
Katrina Groves: We got we got our Saturday to do right yep
Katrina Groves: So I don't be really well.
Katrina Groves: There you are. You want. Yeah, that's better.
Katrina Groves: Well, now you're sideways.
Katrina Groves: Yeah. So how was
Katrina Groves: The process of your intake.
Katrina Groves: With bright heart. Did you have an intake just this weekend or with Tony Yeah.
I did.
Cassandra Paul: Okay.
Katrina Groves: Where are you right now.
No, it's see people wandering around.
Katrina Groves: This is going to take like about 40 minutes or so, give or take. So it's like a history from the beginning and going through a lot of stuff. So just make sure you're comfortable
Katrina Groves: Are you can you get in a place that's private
Cassandra Paul: Room.
Katrina Groves: It's up to you. I mean, depends, I think maybe less distractions be better.
Cassandra Paul: Okay.
Katrina Groves: Alright, so, just briefly, um,
Katrina Groves: HI, DANNY
Katrina Groves: I hear that. All right. So just wanted to go through your medication list first
Katrina Groves: Are you still taking Cymbalta I kind of got the clinic computer over here and this one here. Tell me, what measures taking you might want to go get them. And what doses.
Cassandra Paul: Symbols.
Cassandra Paul: Hundred
Cassandra Paul: And
Cassandra Paul: 200
Cassandra Paul: I'm back on the circle.
Cassandra Paul: Up to 200 milligrams a day if
Cassandra Paul: You know, Dr.
Katrina Groves: Human exile long acting
Cassandra Paul: Know,
Cassandra Paul: If in when needed.
Katrina Groves: Oh, as needed PRN
Katrina Groves: Um, alright. So, and those medications are being prescribed by mental health.
Cassandra Paul: Yeah. You want me to go get the doctor's name, that'd be great.
Katrina Groves: Sharman isn't it Sherman
Cassandra Paul: It's not charging anymore. He
Katrina Groves: Oh, that's the frustrating. Every time you get a new doctor huh
Yeah.
Cassandra Paul: Jennifer Wilson.
Katrina Groves: She's actually really good. I used to work with her years ago.
Katrina Groves: All right. And so what are your diagnoses for those
Cassandra Paul: borderline
Cassandra Paul: Mm hmm pressure
Katrina Groves: Know bipolar.
Katrina Groves: Bipolar. Okay. And are you still going to that. Is there a dual diagnosis group that you're going to still
Cassandra Paul: Yeah EOD okay
Katrina Groves: And any other medical problems that you have OH YES YOU DO SO JUST LIKE I SAID PRETEND I'M A new doctor tell me about your back problems or your leg.
My
Cassandra Paul: Yeah.
Cassandra Paul: It just problem. I don't know what it is my nerve and
Don't
Cassandra Paul: Don't mom my as
Cassandra Paul: My as well as one desk and they see this
Katrina Groves: So neck and low back.
Cassandra Paul: Maybe it's not my
Maybe it's S5.
Cassandra Paul: Yard in my lower back. That's probably L five s one that something. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay.
Katrina Groves: And does it go down your leg.
Cassandra Paul: Yeah I rightly
Katrina Groves: And burning shooting. What's the symptoms.
It's like a team going
Cassandra Paul: All the way down my way
Mm hmm.
Katrina Groves: And is that why you're taking the top of Max.
Yeah.
Simple
Katrina Groves: And do you have any What have been the surgeries or interventions that you've had done for that my pet the
Cassandra Paul: Girl shots that haven't worked
That's frustrating.
Katrina Groves: And what's the next step.
Katrina Groves: The next step I can't hear you very well. The next step for your
Pain.
Katrina Groves: Say something. See if I can hear you.
Katrina Groves: Hello.
Katrina Groves: I think so. What's the next step for your back pain. Who's your premier provider at the clinic and what's the next step. They don't have a primary care.
Cassandra Paul: Provider. I haven't seen me
Katrina Groves: Really
Cassandra Paul: I haven't been separate
Katrina Groves: Okay, but who's following I've
Cassandra Paul: Seen. Well, I've seen
Katrina Groves: I've seen hope.
Cassandra Paul: And there was another one, but they both
Cassandra Paul: Yeah, I haven't been sick or any so I haven't
Katrina Groves: Go, but you do that's where your primary care is going to be right if you were sick. That's where you your medical home is. Yeah. Okay, so do you are you
Katrina Groves: Are you going to go back and see somebody for the next step for your back.
Cassandra Paul: Right, yeah.
Cassandra Paul: That my back as
Cassandra Paul: I've gone and been for it all shot.
Katrina Groves: Okay. Do you feel like it's kind of stable right now. Like you're managing it. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: And
Katrina Groves: Did they any other medical problems, diabetes, high blood pressure, I don't see anything on your heart.
Cassandra Paul: No. Okay. Do you need to go and get blood work done.
Katrina Groves: Yes. So did they send that to the clinic or two Sutter. Do you know
I think they sent it.
Katrina Groves: Okay.
Katrina Groves: So you may want to do it, fasting, they're going to check just some routine labs, liver, kidneys, probably HIV, hepatitis kind of what we did when you first started the program.
Katrina Groves: And if you can just do it in the morning fasting. If you they can check for make sure you're not having high blood sugar. No Red Bulls right before
All right.
Katrina Groves: And surgeries Cassie, you've had your tonsils out and your adenoids yeah
Cassandra Paul: You tied I out
What was that
Katrina Groves: I appendix taken out. Okay.
Cassandra Paul: And multiple
Katrina Groves: Years kind of fading out what to pay your tubes.
Katrina Groves: And what are you so you had to decide that's birth control. So where are you living now. What's your living situation.
SLE
Cassandra Paul: soberly living good
Katrina Groves: And how long you been there.
Katrina Groves: And I know you're married. Again, this is like for
Katrina Groves: Baseline intake. So talk a little about your kids and your ex and
Katrina Groves: How many, how many children do you have
Katrina Groves: And what are their ages.
Cassandra Paul: Job my daughter will be nine
Katrina Groves: And you're still able to see them. There's no problems with legal or issues.
Cassandra Paul: My daughter pretty much stays for five days.
Katrina Groves: She does that at the sober living house they allow kids.
My room.
Okay.
Katrina Groves: And do you have a partner right now or you. Thank you.
Katrina Groves: And how is that going
Very well.
Okay.
Katrina Groves: No drama.
Alright.
Katrina Groves: So take me back.
Katrina Groves: When you first started any substance use at all. How old were you
Cassandra Paul: And my first drink alcohol. I think now is 11
And 11
Katrina Groves: And that led to
Cassandra Paul: My first deal was when I was 13
Cassandra Paul: Smoke Pot when I was
Cassandra Paul: In
The press that
Works.
Katrina Groves: Are you frozen or I think you're frozen. Sorry. Cassie, I didn't hear any of that.
I can't hear you.
Katrina Groves: Say something.
Cassandra Paul: All right. Gonna have to take you off of the headphones, because they're not working. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: That's fine. That's much better.
Unless yeah
Katrina Groves: So last thing I heard was pot age 15 and then I didn't hear anything after that.
Cassandra Paul: And
Cassandra Paul: Maybe I'll call with mostly my thing through high school and
Cassandra Paul: Pot.
Cassandra Paul: I really wasn't
Cassandra Paul: In the pills, unless I would get them from a doctor. I'm
Cassandra Paul: And then
Cassandra Paul: I was it
Cassandra Paul: Was an alcoholic women.
Cassandra Paul: Like in between my pregnancies and stuff.
Cassandra Paul: Um, I would quit drinking and quit doing everything when I was pregnant, but
Cassandra Paul: Except for the only thing I would do is smoke pot.
Cassandra Paul: Except for my first child. I quit smoking.
Cassandra Paul: I quit smoking pot. I was really, really hard. But I did, um,
Cassandra Paul: But
Cassandra Paul: I
Cassandra Paul: Continued to drink after I had my kids and stuff and then
Cassandra Paul: I got hurt at work.
Cassandra Paul: With my shoulder, and then it continued into my my Sciatic Nerve like flared up for like a week and then I
Cassandra Paul: Got prescribed my pills and I
Cassandra Paul: That's how I got addicted to pain pills and I got him off guard him from my doctor and then I continued to get them off the street and
Cassandra Paul: I was getting them from my doctor and had like a plus.
Cassandra Paul: My doctor plus a 1500 dollar habit.
Cassandra Paul: On the street so
Katrina Groves: No IV drug use.
Cassandra Paul: Know IV drug use. No.
Katrina Groves: No heroin, nothing.
Cassandra Paul: Cocaine.
Katrina Groves: LSD.
Cassandra Paul: I did try mass when I was like 12 years old I didn't like it. Okay.
Katrina Groves: Better than others.
Yes.
Katrina Groves: And did you ever have an overdose of any kind, accidental
Cassandra Paul: Now, I'm sure I did, but I never ended up going to the hospital or anything like that. I'm
Cassandra Paul: Yeah, no, I never went to the hospital. Okay.
Katrina Groves: Do you have Narcan available now. Does the House have it. Do you need a prescription
Cassandra Paul: I I have it might gave me some like
Cassandra Paul: A month ago so perfect.
Katrina Groves: Just keep it around. You never know what's gonna happen right
Katrina Groves: And
Katrina Groves: So through the substance use that you have that that caused any legal problems.
And
Cassandra Paul: In May of 2017
Cassandra Paul: Me and my high school sweetheart, we split up in December 2016 we're together for 19 years
Cassandra Paul: And then may of
Cassandra Paul: 2017 I got my first DUI and
Cassandra Paul: I now have legal issues. I'm in drug court ad probation. So yeah, now I do
Cassandra Paul: And CPS or wow I never thought CPS good
Okay.
Katrina Groves: So alcohol was a lot more of the problem. Would you say that was your drug of choice or the pills.
Cassandra Paul: Yeah, that was my drug of choice there for. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Any benzodiazepines.
Cassandra Paul: I like I like those two but
Cassandra Paul: I would prefer like the narcos in the soma's. Mm hmm.
Katrina Groves: And you had some jail time. Recently, is there any more jail time coming up for you.
Cassandra Paul: Know, not since July I haven't had any jail time since July.
Cassandra Paul: Of last year.
Good.
Katrina Groves: Okay, and any
Katrina Groves: Side effects of the Suboxone. Are you having constipation.
No. Okay.
Katrina Groves: And do you have, what other kind of coping skills do you have now because actually stop smoking pot again. Right. Or is it off and on again.
Cassandra Paul: Nope, I'm done with it. I've had
Cassandra Paul: 221 days.
Cassandra Paul: Off of everything again.
Cassandra Paul: I'm awesome. Yeah, my go to a god I talk about my issues in there and I use a sponsor.
Katrina Groves: Me anybody I know or
Cassandra Paul: Your sponsor. Yeah, it's Trisha, I go to her if I have anything that's pressing
Cassandra Paul: I use the ad group.
Cassandra Paul: They use the steps I you know
Cassandra Paul: I just
Cassandra Paul: I use my tools that I have now instead of turning to drugs.
Cassandra Paul: And Tony and she's still helpful for you. No, no, I don't go, Tony. No. Okay.
When
Cassandra Paul: She's not very confidential anymore to me. Okay.
Okay.
Katrina Groves: And your prescription you last but I think you do actually write
Cassandra Paul: Your side that this morning.
Katrina Groves: Oh, alright. Yeah. And is it for a month. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Okay, so are you able to do group they have you down for group with me and we're Rebecca who's in different a pod counselor.
Katrina Groves: On Monday, the 10th. Is that right,
Yeah.
Katrina Groves: 545
Cassandra Paul: Yeah, I can do that.
Cassandra Paul: Okay.
Katrina Groves: I want to try and make it so that you can get i'll i'll be doing prescriptions through bright heart. Instead, so I can get you the timing down so you can go once a month at first.
Katrina Groves: Okay, because you have so many other things going on. I don't really think you need to be in weekly groups here unless you really liked it and you want to be with more
Okay.
Katrina Groves: You're going to write down the date and it's at 5:45pm until 645 but check in is like 530. I hope you're
Cassandra Paul: Going on on Monday.
Cassandra Paul: I just have a house meeting, but it's like five minutes so
Katrina Groves: What time
Cassandra Paul: At six
Cassandra Paul: But it's fine.
Cassandra Paul: As long as I'm just standing there with my headphones in it. It'll be fine.
You may want to
Cassandra Paul: Tell her what's going on. She'll be it'll be okay.
Katrina Groves: Right, and that's only one Monday a month. So the rest of the time. Maybe you could just be excused for that Monday.
Cassandra Paul: As long as I'm present she'll be okay with it. Okay.
Katrina Groves: And allergies. I'm looking at your clinic chart, you're allergic to sofa.
Cassandra Paul: Sofa
Katrina Groves: And Tramadol I know that we did for a while but it you felt like it fed your addiction.
Cassandra Paul: Yeah, I don't want that was a good pickup on your part, you know. Yeah.
Cassandra Paul: I think ibuprofen works just as well as
Good for you. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: And what else macro bid and that's another antibiotic.
Cassandra Paul: That has salted itching. Yeah.
Alright.
Katrina Groves: So, and tell me about your job right now are you have two jobs or three jobs. I can't keep track
Cassandra Paul: You know, we have one job it's at the Dollar Tree house I'm working like
Katrina Groves: How is that going
Cassandra Paul: And I like it. You don't until I like 20 hours a week and then what over
Cassandra Paul: Like extra hours they throw at me.
Cassandra Paul: And me to play.
Katrina Groves: You want a full time job. Is that what you're
Cassandra Paul: Saying, when
Cassandra Paul: I would rather a full time job. Yeah.
Cassandra Paul: More hours, you know,
Katrina Groves: What are your goals for that. Like, what are your short term, long term goals.
Cassandra Paul: Um,
Cassandra Paul: I don't know.
Katrina Groves: Well, just make it tomorrow.
Cassandra Paul: Night. Yeah, I want to get done with drug court and all that right now.
How much more time.
Cassandra Paul: That dryer is not working. Yeah, really.
Cassandra Paul: No, it's not.
Cassandra Paul: Sorry, they just bought a dryer and it's not working again.
Oh dear.
Cassandra Paul: Me been without a dryer for two months.
Katrina Groves: You have to go to the laundromat right
Cassandra Paul: Yeah, and it's a pain in the ass.
Cassandra Paul: And I haven't
Cassandra Paul: And I don't have the money to go to the laundromat. Yeah, you send me off.
Katrina Groves: So how long the drug court. How long has drug court.
Cassandra Paul: I'm I'm facing up policy.
Cassandra Paul: I've been in 1990 for the last 221 days and
Cassandra Paul: I'm facing up to the second phase next Friday so second phase will be eight weeks for me and then I'll be in phase three
Katrina Groves: Have you been in Phase three before we're
Katrina Groves: Done with our
Cassandra Paul: Time.
Katrina Groves: What's going to make this one, the one that works.
Cassandra Paul: Because I'll have to sit in.
Cassandra Paul: Jail for 14 days and I don't want us to jail for 14 days.
Katrina Groves: Did they give you a box on in jail or not. No.
Cassandra Paul: No.
Katrina Groves: That's very frustrating because we worked real hard with them for a while to do that. And I think we kind of lost that connection. Yeah.
Cassandra Paul: Because people are sneaking in in there. Mm hmm.
That's unfortunate. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Alright, so let's see.
Katrina Groves: Oh, family history. So I just need to go through
Katrina Groves: Your mother. Is she alive.
Cassandra Paul: Yeah.
Katrina Groves: And any medical problems.
Cassandra Paul: I don't know know
Cassandra Paul: With your mind.
Katrina Groves: No. Okay. And your father.
Cassandra Paul: I don't know.
Katrina Groves: And siblings.
Katrina Groves: brothers or sisters
Cassandra Paul: Um, I haven't talked to my sister in like
Cassandra Paul: Five years
Cassandra Paul: Yeah, we did have a connection there. But I broke my phone. So I don't have her number anymore.
Katrina Groves: Nobody lives around the area.
Katrina Groves: So as far as, you know, there's no medical issues in your family like diabetes cholesterol, high blood pressure, anything like that.
Cassandra Paul: Um, I know my grandma had
Cassandra Paul: High blood pressure.
Cassandra Paul: Well, it ran for, like, oh, my last night. Yeah, all night. Okay, no, we had, we had a switch outlet because the old one that has a 4.1 and then you won't have a three. Oh, we did was switch that out.
Cassandra Paul: But it was I checked it before you like
Cassandra Paul: I put my clothes in the dryer. Hold on. Sorry, I
Cassandra Paul: Put my clothes in there last night and I came back like three hours later, and it was still running. And my clothes were soaking wet still okay
Okay.
Katrina Groves: So your grandma was like your mom basically just to get everybody up to speed. She was most important person in your life.
Yeah.
Katrina Groves: And she had didn't she have non Hodgkins lymphoma.
Cassandra Paul: Yeah, okay.
Katrina Groves: And she passed, gosh, how long has it been
Cassandra Paul: She passed and 2001
Cassandra Paul: Because I had Tyler, a year later.
Cassandra Paul: 2000
Katrina Groves: You still think about her pretty often.
Cassandra Paul: Yeah, I do.
Okay.
Katrina Groves: So now I'm gonna go through
Katrina Groves: Just some review system, starting from head to toe and chime in if there's something I skip. So do you have any Fevers or chills recently.
Katrina Groves: Know any night sweats.
Cassandra Paul: No.
Katrina Groves: No menopause yet.
No.
Cassandra Paul: Damn it.
Katrina Groves: A heat or cold intolerance.
Cassandra Paul: I'm like,
Katrina Groves: Thyroid problems, you know, you
Cassandra Paul: Know, no not really know
Katrina Groves: Any weight gain or weight loss. That's worrisome to you.
Cassandra Paul: Know I just eat a lot of candy.
Katrina Groves: That's your that's one of your coping skills. I guess right your addict.
Cassandra Paul: Wayne like I need something I'll do the show.
Katrina Groves: So sometimes diabetes can happen. So watch out. You have any like frequency of urination, like you gotta pee all the time.
Cassandra Paul: No. Not lately. Good.
Katrina Groves: Fatigue, do you have a lot of trouble with being tired.
Cassandra Paul: Um,
Cassandra Paul: No, just like when I see my guy.
Cassandra Paul: overworked myself sometimes.
Katrina Groves: Didn't you get promoted at your job.
Cassandra Paul: No I it's because of my background.
Katrina Groves: Oh, right.
Yeah.
Katrina Groves: You can get through that.
Katrina Groves: Okay, so I was moving down any trouble with your vision vision loss blurry vision double vision I pain now.
Katrina Groves: Yours any trouble with your hearing or ear pain or drainage.
Cassandra Paul: No. Okay.
Katrina Groves: Trouble with your nose drainage discharge sinus trouble.
Cassandra Paul: Sometimes, yeah.
Cassandra Paul: Like it's allergies kinda
Cassandra Paul: Like it runs all the time.
Katrina Groves: Do you have you seen anybody for that are
Using any no
Cassandra Paul: I know
Katrina Groves: Any dental problems, Cassie, like your teeth.
Cassandra Paul: They're bad
Katrina Groves: How are you getting those addressed.
Cassandra Paul: And I keep trying to call the clinic down there to get in there because I have one that needs to be pulled and then I have a broken tooth every like
Cassandra Paul: Two broken teeth every year, but they keep telling me that they don't have any emergencies or anything. So I was thinking about calling down in Eureka.
Katrina Groves: There's, I know there's a dentist up in Brookings that sometimes, but then they they they want cash or they want. I don't think they take insurance, you still have partnership. Right.
Mm hmm. Yeah.
Cassandra Paul: Thinking about calling your ego or Qaeda yeah, good idea.
Katrina Groves: So any trouble swallowing.
Katrina Groves: Your voice. I don't hear that your voice is hoarse
Katrina Groves: Ah, so how about your neck. Any neck pain or stiffness
Katrina Groves: Swollen lymph nodes.
Cassandra Paul: Know,
Katrina Groves: Any trouble with your breathing coughing, wheezing shorter breath. No. Okay. Any heart palpitations.
Cassandra Paul: Not being
Katrina Groves: Are you actually physically. Do you get any exercise at the
Cassandra Paul: End of the day. Yes.
Cassandra Paul: Good.
Katrina Groves: Any changes in your hair falling out or your skin getting dry or
Katrina Groves: New malls that you've had that are worrisome. Nope, constipation, diarrhea,
Katrina Groves: Nope, nausea, vomiting,
Cassandra Paul: Nope, okay.
Katrina Groves: bladder issues do you have frequent bladder infections or burning when up
Nope.
Great.
Katrina Groves: We already talked about your back pain and your leg. Do you, do you have a limp. When you walk or
Cassandra Paul: It's bothering me. But no.
Katrina Groves: And any seizures painting or headaches.
Cassandra Paul: Know, sometimes I get headaches. But no, not
Cassandra Paul: Often enough that are, you know,
Cassandra Paul: Work, you know, bother are like I need to address.
Katrina Groves: With you, it's, it's not a migraine. It's just like a tension headache.
Cassandra Paul: Yeah.
Cassandra Paul: And you take what Tylenol Tylenol. Yeah, okay.
Katrina Groves: And then how is your mental status with all the medication as far as depression, anxiety, feeling sad that is that kind of where you at with that stable not stable.
Cassandra Paul: I'm pretty stable right now. You seem to be. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: So no feelings of like worthlessness or deep depression.
Katrina Groves: Vital no good.
And
Katrina Groves: Have you thought about doing, how, how much income do you have now because I couldn't find when you started with us.
Cassandra Paul: I'm 221 days to
Cassandra Paul: It.
Katrina Groves: But I mean, I'm with the Suboxone group.
Cassandra Paul: Oh, since November of 2014
Katrina Groves: And did you have relapses on opioids throughout that time.
Cassandra Paul: Well, I remember I took
Cassandra Paul: One pill in December of 2016
Wow.
Cassandra Paul: So I don't know if you call that a relapse.
Katrina Groves: I don't think I would count that.
Cassandra Paul: I want to
Cassandra Paul: A slip or whatever. But yeah, that was the only build that I taken
Katrina Groves: Yeah, that's really good.
Katrina Groves: So five years, over five years.
Cassandra Paul: Yeah, okay.
Katrina Groves: Do you think this box on is
Cassandra Paul: Obviously helpful. Yes, very helpful. Do you see yourself being on
That
Katrina Groves: Rest of your life or do you think about tapering sometimes
Cassandra Paul: And I think I would use it, probably for a while longer.
Cassandra Paul: Okay.
Katrina Groves: Then we talked about the sub blockade, the shot.
Katrina Groves: That lasts for like a month.
Cassandra Paul: Yeah we did talk about that. I don't
Cassandra Paul: I don't know.
Katrina Groves: What are your concerns about it.
Cassandra Paul: Um, the side effects.
Katrina Groves: Of
Cassandra Paul: What have you heard about the side effects. What I've heard on the commercials.
Katrina Groves: So I haven't seen the commercials, but it's pretty much Suboxone it's the same stuff. It's just it hurts a little when you get the shot in your belly, kind of like a demo shot.
Katrina Groves: Okay, so it's no different than what you're taking. They just have to put that on there because you know lawyers have to do something, I guess.
Katrina Groves: It might be a something to think about.
Katrina Groves: Because it's stable, you don't have a lot of ups and downs in the dosing with your Suboxone
Katrina Groves: And we're using it a lot of peon Oregon, it's working well. So
Cassandra Paul: Option. I don't
Katrina Groves: Need to change it right now, but
Katrina Groves: It actually ends up being stronger in the long run, which is why I was thinking about for you because it instead of dipping and having all those peaks and troughs. It's nice and strong and it works for longer than a month.
Cassandra Paul: Okay.
Katrina Groves: Alright, so any questions for me on the bright heart and have they they sent you anything to get your labs done at the clinic. Did you say
Cassandra Paul: Not that I know of.
Katrina Groves: So since you have a problem. You're supposed to have a premier provider at the clinic, I'm going to have the facts. The lab work over and that's just like what we did when you started the program, they're going to do an HIV tests are going to do a
Katrina Groves: Hepatitis blood sugar all that. So, okay, will fax it you can get it done at the clinic. If you prefer to go to Sutter, you could always do that and said,
Cassandra Paul: Okay.
Katrina Groves: I mean, I just wonder what your connection with the clinic is right now, since you you don't go to group anymore with Tony, you kind of just don't do that anymore.
Cassandra Paul: Yeah, no, not really.
Cassandra Paul: Right.
Katrina Groves: I just think it's a little bit cheaper to do at the at dawn community health center.
Cassandra Paul: Okay, well if it's cheaper than just did there is no gas.
Katrina Groves: And have they they're going to send you a drugs green test in the mail. I don't know if you want it mailed to your clean and sober house they actually
Katrina Groves: Try bright heart has you get this little container and then you'll call them up.
Cassandra Paul: And
Katrina Groves: You've got your urine. They'll actually have you open it, go to the bathroom, come back out and you look at it together.
Katrina Groves: Just kind of a standard thing.
Katrina Groves: I'm excited that you're not going to have marijuana in your system. That's pretty awesome. Yeah.
Cassandra Paul: It'll be clean.
Katrina Groves: Alright so I'm glad. Actually, I saw your prescription come by and I thought you needed it. But you've got it for another month
Katrina Groves: So I'll see you unless you have any other questions for me.
Katrina Groves: So that the group is going to be 545 to 645 on Monday with Rebecca, I believe, Trisha scheduled to be in that group. I don't know if that's a problem. Are you guys know
Katrina Groves: Is Rebecca. Rebecca as the new counselor.
Katrina Groves: That know that Trisha will be there.
Katrina Groves: Some people you might know from group.
Okay.
Katrina Groves: So let me put you down. Try to get in to try to call around 530
Cassandra Paul: Because they have to do the intake.
Katrina Groves: And then I'll start doing your scripts. I'll probably just do once a month for a little bit and then since you have so much clean time and so many other things that we might space it out a little longer.
Okay.
Cassandra Paul: Sounds good.
Katrina Groves: All right, thank you for meeting with me and
Cassandra Paul: Thank you. You're welcome.
Katrina Groves: Monday.
Cassandra Paul: All right, bye.
Katrina Groves: She sorry, she'll need lab work at DOMA community health center. So I'll try to put on Slack that she needs that sent
Katrina Groves: Show me a urine drug screen mailed to her clean and sober house.
And
She'll be
One month
Follow up after Monday script.
Katrina Groves: Alright, thank you so much. I'm signing off.
Have a good day.